docs: add v1.58 release notes (#38879)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-js.md

### New `toHaveCSS` Overload

If you have `@types/react` installed, you can now pass a style object to `toHaveCSS` for type-safe CSS assertions:

```ts
await expect(locator).toHaveCSS({
  backgroundColor: 'rgb(255, 0, 0)',
  fontSize: '16px',
});
```

### UI Mode and Trace Viewer Improvements

- New 'system' theme option follows your OS dark/light mode preference
- Search functionality (Cmd/Ctrl+F) is now available in code editors
- Network details panel has been reorganized for better usability
- JSON responses are now automatically formatted for readability

Thanks to [@cpAdm](https://github.com/cpAdm) for contributing these improvements!

### Breaking Changes ⚠️

- **Removed `_react` and `_vue` selectors**: These experimental selectors have been removed. Use standard locators like `getByRole`, `getByText`, or `getByTestId` instead—they're more reliable and work across frameworks.

- **Removed `*:light` selectors**: The `:light` pseudo-class has been removed. Use standard CSS selectors instead.

- **Removed deprecated `devtools` option**: This option was deprecated in v1.44. Use `args: ['--auto-open-devtools-for-tabs']` in launch options instead.

> - **Dropped macOS < 14 support for WebKit**: WebKit now requires macOS 14 (Sonoma) or later, as macOS 13 reached end-of-life.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed macOS 13 support for WebKit. We recommend to upgrade your macOS version, or keep using an older Playwright version.
```
